 Namaskar, Dosto, Sastria Kahl, Adav and Kain Shou. Welcome back to my channel Rocky's blog and today I will let you know something different on my channel. So guys please subscribe my channel and press bell icon if you really like my video then like and share with your friends and family members. So guys let's start. This is the first time I have been working on my work. This is the first time I have been working on my work. I have been working on my work. I have been working on my work. Guys, it's me, me, I'm a kubatang on it here, oil kebari, menshaempo, conditioner, pro growth, hair tonic, and hair mars. Guys, you're happy, me, kissy, kissy, kissy, brandy, yam, marketing, nink, kissy, kissy, kissy, kissy, kissy, kissy, kissy, kissy, kissy, kissy, kissy, kissy, kissy, kissy, kissy, kissy, kissy, kissy, kissy, kissy, kissy, kissy, kissy, kissy, kissy, kissy, kissy, kissy, Maybe we have to use the same thing. We have to use the same thing. But we have to use the same thing. We have to use the same thing. We have to use the same thing. We have to use the same thing. We have to use the same thing. We have to use the same thing. We have to use the same thing. We have to use the same thing. We have to use the same thing. We have to use the same thing. Even Panty, Jambu, Yous, Kia, but Mira, here for Rooki, Rata. So guys, Agar, Abhi here for Kia, Yishu, Face, Karan, Tho, Abhi, and Dair, Folkit, Yous, Kar, Sakthain, Esco, Abh, Mama, Kib, F-Sai, Se, Parchis, Kar, Sakthain, Sakthain, Esco, Link, Ma, Parchis, Sashthain, Box, Medi, Dooni, and Ab, Jai, Vas, E, O, Ragh, Gatsakthain, but I would recommend you, Kia, Ab, Jai, Ven, St, I am going to show you how to make a vegetable and a vegetable and how to make a vegetable and how to make a vegetable and how to make a vegetable and how to make a vegetable and how to make a vegetable and how to make a vegetable and how to make a vegetable and how to make a vegetable and how to make a vegetable and how to make a vegetable and how to make a vegetable and how to make a vegetable and how to make a vegetable and how to make a vegetable and how to make a vegetable I'm going to try to make a good use of the k So guys, they gave me a page of him, Mendel Oil and Silicon Free Hair, Dermatological Tested Hair and he gave us a table for all skin type hair. So obviously, if you see that I can get a break or something and just keep on taking hair, this will have 150 ml. And Juski, price above $49.9 per bottle hair and skibata hair, VA, on in shampoo. I am going to show you how to use the the the engine the engine the engine the engine the engine the engine the engine the engine the engine the engine the engine the engine the engine the engine the engine the engine the engine the engine the engine the engine the engine the engine the engine the engine the engine the engine the engine the engine the engine for good use because I have my roots. So, smooth cut there. The guys can see you cost a whole 3.49 rupees. I have a high-speed conditioner. Condation is made to use a whole onion and coconut coconut and onion conditioner may do with the higher hair, pyrovenance, leak on free hair, hair, dermatological test today. For all here types, I have this coming to see we have to apply for something and I'm going to go to the I am not sure if I am going to do this, but I am not sure if I am going to do this, I am going to do this, and I am going to do this, and I am going to do this, and I am going to do this, and I am going to do this, and I am going to do this, and I am going to do this, and I am going to do this, and I am going to do this, and I am going to do this, and the first one is the first one. The first one is the first one. The first one is the first one. The first one is the third one. The third one is the third one. The third one is the third one. The third one is the third one. The third one is the third one. The third one is the third one. The third one is the third one. The third one is the third one. The third one is the third one. The third one is the third one. The third one is the third one. I'm going to use this one here. I'm going to use this one here. I'm going to use this one here. I'm going to use this one here. I'm going to use this one here. I'm going to use this one here. I'm going to use this one here. I'm going to use this one here. I'm going to use this one here. I'm going to use this one here. I'm going to use this one here. I'm going to use this one here. I'm going to use this one here. I'm going to use this one here. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I'm going to go to the next one. I have a lot of I have a lot of I have a lot of I have a lot of I have a lot of I have a lot of I have a lot of I have a lot of I have a lot of I have a lot of I have a lot of I have a lot of I am going to talk about the I am going to talk about the I am going to talk about the I am going to talk about the I am going to talk about the I am going to talk about the I am going to talk about the I am going to talk about the I am going to talk about the I am going to talk about the I am going to talk about the I am going to talk about the I am going to talk about the I am going to talk about the I am going to talk about the I am going to talk about the I am going to talk about the I am going to talk about the I am going to talk about the I am going to talk about the I am going to talk about the protection will put a look now. This protection will put the car if you call it and it's not the car that you will pair of it and self-it free. Hey, I am a dermatologist, I have tested here and so it will for all the type of skin. And Joe's keep quantity 800 ml here and Joe's keep cost. Hey guys, my name is Pupa Tage, I'm a Pupa Tage, I'm a Pupa Tage, I'm a Pupa Tage, I'm a Pupa but I think I'm going to be I'm going to be I'm going to be I'm going to be I'm going to be I'm going to be I'm going to be I'm going to be I'm going to be I'm going to be I'm going to be I'm going to be I'm going to be I'm going to be I'm going to be I'm going to be I'm going to be I'm going to be I'm going to be I'm going to be I'm going to be I'm going to be I would like to thank you for your time. when the coat is used because of the air.