 Hello and welcome to my channel, Naapheir Rajni, Sanakochesy 16 months baby girl in Nanomata. Sananankunanana baby can be natural, products you share in your face. So online research is not the only mom I have to products in the Panpeci and in the previous school of Chalabon, so I'm the Canadian Teppich Conano. So Naakochesy we the cost of the C956 to be spreading Nanomata. So box open Jeddamu, so even with Cheyenne Jedd, and in COVID-19, it's actually even a first video on Marta. So, Mikayvena, like pregnancy time, low, this calls me Jeddra Talkau and after the and the and pile of food, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, rasps, and the internet. Next video, just turn on. Any mama products such as the certificate, toxin free and marta and dermatologically tested and pH balanced good and matter. So, on the content, which banana. So, other bill and matter. So, local good, I can go to box such in the. So, in the open, she's through them. So, I am going to go back to the chalapon. So, either Chishisi baby shampoo and in cooked Chishisi, either Chishisi must cut her plant and matter and they eat a cheese money with three months baby and then she eats she eats and she eats and she eats and she eats baby lotion and they eat baby lotion and they are not on the other I mean baby he is not on the other and they eat three money we eat lotsion and they eat baby and they eat baby and they are going to be able to bite these skillet up to. So, sunrise miniature product, chest, cordon, key, even heavy U-shaped, and swimming well in a prekura, U-shaped and the sunscreen, lotion, HSE. When we were 10 years, baby, we were kukula U-shaped and murder, 0 to 10 years. So, multi-makochesy, 5 products are CHI, so, multi-956 rupees, buddha, So, we can make a video on description box, let's say check JND, so on the link which is and so our convention mirror purchase is called. And we result along the in check person or baby use, it is not the other thing. Next video, we will look at the name of the shea chest content. So, Charabond, the animator. and ukukadhan pina kura is criteria chair and murder and direction for use in a good h arrow and I usually in an ingredients good h error and murder. So quantity of just 200 ml in the ukukati. So you should enter out and enter the ukukuna mikta results, which is content along the way So video choosing the raw term you can actually like, change the and not channel subscribe change the and make even a doubts in a good a my comment box, comment to option in this and a definite next video let me share just an experienced me. So build 956 rupees per nanomata V5 products with the bag and package cravale chala a balshi as a enmata. So, back to the chalabao on the quality. So, easy gum on the crein and jelly chest at up to crein, easy to carry chalabat, crein, chalabat, crein. So, in din and d, so, if I product such as 956, this part of me will call anti-check So, take care to Navlof Namilio, close session and thank you for watching.