 Hello guys, welcome and welcome back to my YouTube channel that I am a momma at KI products review I am a KI products creator So first product is a KI products I am a C-face I am a momma I am a KI products I am a KI products I am a KI products I am a KI products I am a KI products I am a KI products I am a KI products I am a KI products The first time I was in the hospital, I was in the hospital and I was in the hospital. I was in the hospital and I was in the hospital. I was in the hospital and I was in the hospital. I was in the hospital and I was in the hospital. 5 karatahai, light and weight formula here, UV and B-ray severe epics can go protected. In the Indian sky bathroom, it's a very small area, naturally, and it can be connected with the chemical, chemical, and the chemical in the area. The addition for us, the Indian space, the major main colour of the hair would form out an adequate amount of cream into your palm. a cleaner daily per 26 green leaves, cut my face and neck per chest massage, the living good tips. We are cool, it's a clean, actually it's a very healthy, but it needs to be applied for me. But that's the same, but it's a very healthy, very healthy, very healthy, very healthy, to up to the slow, very applied for you, and up to under makeup videos, especially, constantly new information, because I have here, there are two, in case of conducted eyes, I'm going to use the 1st place I'm going to use the 2nd place I'm going to use the 2nd place I'm going to use the 2nd place I'm going to use the 1st place I'm going to use the 2nd place I'm going to use the 3rd place I'm going to use the 3rd place I'm going to use the 3rd place I'm going to use the 3rd place I'm going to use the 3rd place I'm going to use the 3rd place but actually diedly and in a tip for eating the skin image, you can see the size of the skin but the size of the skin is also a woman who is a woman who is a queen of skin but he is a woman who is a woman who is a woman who is a woman who is a woman who is a woman who is a woman who is a woman who is a woman who is a woman who is a woman who is a woman and she is a woman who is a woman who is a woman who is a woman who is a woman who is a woman We cleaned the green hair, gel paste, and the coffee, a chain, mild, and smell of water. The other hard smell in the hand is the coffee, and the coffee is the same. We have a coffee, and we have a lot of food, and we have a lot of food, and we have a lot of food. We have a lot of food, and we have a lot of food, and we have a lot of food. So, try going up this skin killing coffee a chewy. Second product, Joate Meibers, William Amalka, Uptan Face Force. New face wash with turmeric and saffron. Quizate, Dan Limu, Wilky Vie, Bellabing and Silicon Freehead, Demetylogitoly, Death Strayed. Net contained Quibard, Kreeh, T-25, Munka, Dorda, Pimp. This morning, already, Uper the mentioned kara kai kim national ingredients, a banana, who are here, a kai sun damage, who re-pay kate kate kate kate skin go bright and got a bright banana. The direction for using a catamenshin, kia kate kate kate kate kate or skibadab mi finger tips kai hebsi apne forehead, nose and simple, chase his crop color in normal water, says ku wash color. 99 rupees kai kate product, heh, heh, heh, heh The first is the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the So, I am going to go to the hospital to see if I can see the hospital. I am going to see if I can see the hospital. I am going to see if I can see the hospital. He gave a 3-form in Nahi. He gave a 3-form in Nahi. He gave a 3-form in Nahi. He gave a 3-form in Nahi. He gave a 3-form in Nahi. He gave a 3-form in Nahi. He gave a 3-form in Nahi. He gave a 3-form in Nahi. He gave a 3-form in Nahi. He gave a 3-form in Nahi. He gave a 3-form in Nahi. Perabinens will be gone free head or kiss kimko will be harsh, think a regal or nahi or kiss kimbe kui, react over. 12-year-old product can be a small model of the ukden face mask. A year-old reception, turmeric and apricot oil quesata is kimbe, I think, in a year year of paraben and silicone free head, the metallogy is tested head with bio activities This is Kipodokinek, and it contains Kibatke, and he is doing the 5 grams. He is doing the 5 grams. He is doing the 5 grams. He is doing the 5 grams. He is doing the 5 grams. He is doing the 5 grams. He is doing the 5 grams. He is doing the 5 grams. He is doing the 5 grams. He is doing the 5 grams. He is doing the 5 grams. He is doing the 5 grams. He is doing the 5 grams. He is doing the 5 grams. He is doing the 5 grams. He is doing the 5 grams. He is doing the 5 grams. He is doing the 5 grams. He is doing the 5 grams. He is doing the 5 grams. He is doing the 5 grams. I was a little scared of the food and I was like, yeah, I was a little scared of food and I was like, I am going to go to the hotel and I am going to go to the hotel and I am going to go to the hotel. I am going to go to the hotel and go to the hotel. Next product, him Amaad Kramuhe oil free face moisturizer, even apple seed of vinegar kisata, acne brown skin keliye hair, no parabensian silicone free hair, light and non-greasy hair, apple goo be septipa, nahe feelukas moisturizer, gola banikilad or non-comogenic hair, I'm going to give you a few minutes to give you a few minutes to give you a few minutes to give you a few minutes to give you a few minutes to give you a few minutes to give you a few minutes to give you a few minutes to give you a few minutes to give you a few minutes to give you a few minutes to give you a few minutes to give you a few minutes to give you a few minutes to give you a few minutes to give you a few minutes to give you a few minutes to give you a few minutes to give you a few minutes to give you a few minutes to give you a few minutes to give you a few minutes to give you a few minutes to give you a few minutes to give you a few minutes to give you a few minutes to give you a few minutes to give you a few minutes to give you a few minutes to give you a few minutes to give you a few minutes to give you a few minutes to give you a few minutes to give you a few minutes to give you a few minutes to give you a few minutes to give you a few minutes to give you a few minutes to give you a few minutes to give you a few minutes to give you a few minutes to give you a few minutes to give you a few minutes to give you a few minutes to give you a few minutes to give you a few minutes to give you a few minutes to give you a few minutes to give you a few minutes to give you a few minutes to give you a few minutes to give you a few minutes to give you a few minutes to give you a few minutes to give you a few minutes to give you a few minutes to give you a few minutes to give you a few minutes to give you a few minutes to give you a few minutes to give you a few minutes to give you a few minutes to give you a few minutes to give you a few minutes to give you a few minutes to give you a few minutes to give you a few minutes to give you a few minutes to give you a few minutes to give you a few minutes to give you a few minutes to give you a few minutes to give you a few minutes to give you a few I'm going to be doing a video for my other day I'm going to be doing a video for my other day I'm going to be doing a video for my other day I'm going to be doing a video for my other day I'm going to be doing a video for my other day I'm going to be doing a video for my other day I'm going to be doing a video for my other day I'm going to be doing a video for my other day I'm going to be doing a video for my other day I'm going to be doing a video for my other day I'm going to be doing a video for my other day I'm going to be doing a video for my other day I'm going to be doing a video for my other day I'm going to be doing a video for my other day coffee or some moisturizer here, I will give you a good gift on it or this moisturizer is a good little tiger. The next product are the Hey Mama Girl Ultra Life Indian Sunscreen. May a few months ago, we came to a game of personally favorite Hey Zucman and Smith and Seju for the time of dry day. He is a SPF 50 K S Ades sun protection and Pera being in Silicon free hair, the motor logically tested. It's a great day for Indian skinheads, such as Shabbatai Indian skinkey, and a little banana head. Skinnet content is about 20 to 25 grams per year. Market size is still $199 to be. The products from UV, Yapke Skinco, UV, and B-RACI product, Karekha. The Indian skinkey, and he's especially banana-heavy. All skin types, Kilebanae is some skinco, I am going to see the I think I'm going to be able to see what I can do. I think I'm going to be able to see what I can do. I think I'm going to be able to see what I can do. I think I'm going to be able to see what I can do. I think I can do what I can do. I think I can do what I can do. I think I can do what I can do. I think I can do what I can do. I think I can do what I can do. I think that I'm going to be able to see the the house and the the house and the the house and the the house and the the house and the the house and the the house and the the house and the the house and the the house and the the house and the the house and the the house and the the house and the the house and the the house and the the house and the the house and the the house and the the house and the and champo. Here with the onion and plant, keratin quesad, yay here, all control, kalea here, paraben and silicone, free hair, dermatologically tested here. For all hair types, up kid, j scb here is a sub-sub-sari here, sco, sco, sco, kareva, skin net content, kibak, kareto, 25, amelco, product hair, yay, trial, product hair, 2, yay, 5 ml kahoe, a biscuit, a dry kari kahoe, a kahoe, a kahoe, a kahoe, a kahoe, a kahoe, a kahoe, a kahoe, a kahoe, a kahoe, a kahoe, a kahoe, a kahoe, a kahoe, a kahoe, a kahoe, a kahoe, a kahoe, a kahoe, a kahoe, a kahoe, a kahoe, a kahoe, a kahoe, a kahoe, a kahoe, a kahoe, a kahoe, a kahoe, a kahoe, a kahoe, a kahoe, a kahoe, a kahoe, a kahoe, a kahoe, a kahoe, a kahoe, a kahoe, a kahoe, a kahoe, a kahoe, a kahoe, a kahoe, a kahoe, a kahoe, a kahoe, a kahoe, a kahoe, a kahoe, a kahoe, a kahoe, a kahoe, a kahoe, a kahoe, a kahoe, a kahoe, a kahoe, a kahoe, a kahoe, a kahoe, a kahoe, a kahoe, a kahoe, a kahoe, a kahoe, a kahoe, a kahoe, a kahoe, a kahoe, a kahoe, a kahoe, a kahoe, a kahoe, a kahoe, a kahoe, a kahoe, a kahoe, a kahoe, a kahoe, a kahoe, a kahoe, a kahoe, a kahoe, a kahoe, a kahoe, a kah This is the local natural area called the Chemical Based Ingredients. The keep not a lot of watery from my hair I have a few I have a few I have a few I have a few I have a few I have a few I have a few I have a few I have a few I have a few I have a few I have a few I have a few I have a few I have a few I have a few I have a few I have a few I have a few I'm going to try to get a small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small small to Anya and Shampu, a Indian conditioner who personally may have a down to Anya and based products that were heavily used. Kartain, to Skiri, I think there will be no subject to any of the more that Shahi Yamaya skin clearly. Aski conditioner, Kibat can enter with Anya and Kukonata to Kukonata to be a male hair skilikafia child. Yay, be hair forl control, giving me hair conditioner, parabene and silicone free hair. dermatologically tested all hair types, kiwi, banai, conditioner, neck contains kibak, kare, 3, 25 ml kapro, doctor, market prices, k99 to pz, navy, silicon, free conditioner, hai, hai, hai, school, soft and smooth, banata hai, or inbibian, kibak, hai, toe, hai, spring, veedian, so, subber natural hai, kiwi, chemical, base and previous, mani, hai, I'm going to go to the Theres a few I'm going to go to the Theres a few Theres a few Theres a few Theres a few Theres a few Theres a few Theres a few Theres a few Theres a few Theres a few Theres a few coffee is smooth but not good so it's good for me to try I can not show out they have to it's my tendency to try to protect him when I grab the squeeze to get here top is good for shop sessions is the room on the coffee I shall conditioner the 99 to be made up for 25 ml I think it's a child care who got the focus goes where you try again next product Kibakarita, Woham, Erapas, Mamas, Kansh rice, water, to conditioner. You have a rice, water and karati. Rice, water, bhjase, kamsaf, chamta, my hair, skili, coffee, zadha, shahai. Yama'i, dhamme, sheas, kul, repair, karizam, yitada beans, hensilikon, free hay, dermatologically, destate. Megh, content, hebakarit, 2e, 25, milk or conditioner hay. The market price is $99.00. The split end score reduce the hair. The hair can be prevent cut hair or the hair. The silkier smooth look data in the regions of the market price. The exchange for the stock is $50.00. after shampooing. Take an educate amount of conditioner, apply it on a dam here, starting from mid-length and all the way down to the ends. Leave one for two to three minutes rinse thoroughly. At the school dose it, three minutes kill your hair as well, blacker it. Skip by the time hair is too wash-cuddly. You tube from a hair coffee, a chunk conditioner here. I am going to go to the to haeibimuji cream, the ids to make him smell of it. It's a many doe-loki agarabad kari onion, conditioneriki or rice conditioneriki. To rice kaju, rice vortakaju conditionerhe, osuki consistency, product, taker, comparison to onion conditioneriki. To upplay, hair recipe, some hair types, kimimbana has ari, When you products, hand skin, cables, all skin types, killing hand or hair products, you put some oil here types, killing bunny hair. But, a key, just to say hair and hair goes out of crazy hair. So, I price water conditioner, use curry. I will have a zalaf crazy, may he have hair. I will put a holly hair for the problem with the onion conditioner, try curry. The product, be coffee, a chah-he. It smells like mild hair, but with harsh smell in the hair. I am going to see how many people are going to see. I am going to see how many people are going to see. I am going to see how many people are going to see. I am going to see how many people are going to see. I am going to see how many people are going to see. I am going to give you a video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video of the video I am going to have a great day to see how many videos I have been doing.